# Meeting Minutes ~ 051921-meeting
## I. Meeting Information
**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly Group meeting
**Meeting Date/Time:** May 19th, 2021, 4:00pm - 4:30pm  
**Timezone:** Pacific Standard Time (UTC−07:00)  
**Meeting Location:** Virtually through Zoom (Link: https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/98413787650)  
**Note Taker:** Edward Yang/Alan Wang  

## II. Attendees
People who attended the meeting:
- [x] Edmund Leibert III (*Team Lead*)
- [x] Edward Yang (*Team Lead*)
- [x] Alan Wang
- [x] Daisuke Chon (*Temporary Team Lead*)
- [x] Kenny Chan
- [x] Etienne Robin
- [x] Elisa Brooks
- [x] Evan Martinez

## III. Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Go over TA meeting| • What did we discuss with TA? <br>
Action Items for next time | • What do we need to get done before next meeting?<br>
Task Assignment | • Who should complete each task? <br>

## IV. Discussion Items

**New Items**
Topic | Who  | Notes |
---------- | ---- | ----- |
Go over TA meeting| Everyone | • Update everyone with what we talked about during TA meeting<br> • We're not doing pouchDB<br>
Group Policies | Everyone| • Should only use liveshare to work on the same thing/feature together<br> • Need a glossary/adr so everyone knows what's going on<br> • Need a better way of updating people about code changes - #code-updates channel in Slack
Action items/Task assignment| Everyone | see action items section |

**Old Items**
Topic | Who  | Notes |
----- | ---- | ----- |

## V. Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible  | Due Date  | Description  |
| ----- | ---- | ------------ | --------- | --------- |
|    | Commit to mongoDB | Backend | 5-23-2021  | • Continue developing mongoDB as we previously agreed upon<br> • Create/upload ADR to repo describing backend decisions |
|    | Integrate frontend with backend | Everyone| 5-23-2021  | • integrate frontend/login with mongoDB<br> • add functionality with APIs |
|    | Styling pages/login | Elisa/Kenny/Daisuke| 5-23-2021  | • Style existing pages with css<br> • Create login page for app |
|    | Outline final app architecture | Edmund/Alan| 5-23-2021  | • Meet and discuss what final app will look like/how pages will fit together<br> • Create ADR describing these decisions |
|    | Develop Calendar views | Frontend (Etienne/Edward/Evan)| 5-23-2021  | • Develop monthly/weekly/daily views for calendar
|    | Finish MVP | Everyone | 5-24-2021  |• Finish the MVP of our BuJo by end of next week |

## VI. Other Notes & Information
- Miro board link: https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lHlYETY=/
- Figma link for wireframes/personas:
https://www.figma.com/team_invite/redeem/wfViANN8A0ARciKhU77zxS

###### Future discussion items...